Ha, you are over your head.
Oops little brother speaks so confidently
presumably
Is it a master teacher who produces a master apprentice?
I don't know who your teacher is from?
Oops self-taught
self-taught
Then win Liu Shao and then come out to compete with me
Humph
OK
Since you have to make a fool of yourself
Then I'll reluctantly do it
Boy, don't forget our
Uncle, what are you doing?
This is not a parody.
Why don't you remember that I am the first in the class?
No matter how good the imitation is, it's useless.
Don't worry, famous flower.
I only need one finger
Ugly
Not bad. Not bad.
Liu Gongzi's family history
The earth is profound
This painting is still slightly lacking
But to be able to make paintings like this at your age
Hahaha, President Liu has a successor?
Hahaha
I can even call it shaking if I wipe my butt hard with this thing.
If you have the ability, can you draw a work?
Who wouldn't brag?
Then you have to watch it carefully.
Today I'm going to draw a picture of the phoenix
You're done.
Hahahaha
You call this the Phoenix Aoyi Tu
Hey sorry to go
One more
Stinky bun, are you here to make me laugh?
Now, get down on your knees and learn to bark
I'm thinking about sparing you
Why don't you crawl out of here tonight?
It's not up to you whether I draw well or not
You say yes thief